feat: DBaaS Mongo Enterprise Edition (#340)
ionos-cloud/ionosctl: docs/subcommands/Database-as-a-Service/mongo/cluster/create.md

      --cores int32               The total number of cores for the Server, e.g. 4. (required and only settable for enterprise edition) (default 1)
      --datacenter-id string      The datacenter to which your cluster will be connected. Must be in the same location as the cluster (required)
  -e, --edition string            Cluster Edition. Can be one of: playground, business, enterprise (required)
  -f, --force                     Force command to execute without user input
  -h, --help                      Print usage
      --instances int32           The total number of instances of the cluster (one primary and n-1 secondaries). Minimum of 3 for enterprise edition (default 1)
      --lan-id string             The numeric LAN ID with which you connect your cluster (required)
  -l, --location string           The physical location where the cluster will be created. (defaults to the location of the connected datacenter)
      --maintenance-day string    Day Of the Week for the MaintenanceWindows. The MaintenanceWindow is a weekly 4 hour-long windows, during which maintenance might occur. Defaults to a random day during Mon-Fri, during the hours 10:00-16:00 (default "Tuesday")

>       --maintenance-time string   Time for the MaintenanceWindows. The MaintenanceWindow is a weekly 4 hour-long windows, during which maintenance might occur. e.g.: 16:30:59Defaults to a random day of the week, during the hours 10:00-16:00 (default "16:00:00")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --maintenance-time string   Time for the MaintenanceWindows. The MaintenanceWindow is a weekly 4 hour-long windows, during which maintenance might occur. e.g.: 16:30:59. Defaults to a random day of the week, during the hours 10:00-16:00 (default "16:00:00")
```
